hey folks it's St From Evolution
Unleashed coming to you today with the
cut lip but the show must go on today
we're going to dive into this big
announcement from anthropic or the
release of Claude 3 their new model and
they are claiming that it is uh the most
powerful model on the market the new
Opus model apparently outperforms gp4
which runs cat GPT plus across every
metric now I'm a we bit cynical don't
know about you but Google recently
launched Gemini Ultra and said it
outperforms across benchmarks as well
and what do you know it was an
unmitigated disaster their uh text to
image generation wouldn't make white
people went overly woke they're probably
going to fire their entire diversity
team and it was absolute rubbish and
what do you know it did not beat chat
GPT at all I did a video on that uh
probably a few weeks ago which if you
scroll around you'll be able to find or
I'll link it down in the description but
today we're going to put anthropic to
the test are they being like Google and
just fine tuning on the benchmarks but
really don't have enough to back it up
or have they actually developed a more
powerful model let's go find out so what
we've got for you today is a comparison
document and this is yours free I've
dropped it down in the description of
comments depending on where you're
seeing this video and it is going to
show you I give you all the comparisons
the prompts I use the outputs and
whatnot now I'm not going to read this
out to you today folks what I'd rather
do while you're watching this is give
you my thoughts and insights into the
differences between the two with the
ultimate goal to figure out well which
model is better for what tasks and if
you could only pick one which one would
it be and why and I think that is more
useful because we're trying to use these
tools to create impact to move us
forward so let's go take a look so
there's a table of contents here to
quickly navigate and the three areas we
looking looking at as with Gemini uh
we're looking at article writing target
market research and education and
learning so you can just click here you
can have a look at the prompt and the
outputs and what we did is we took the
first output from the prompts in the raw
form pasted it here we tided up the
headings but we didn't edit any text at
all so we begin with our article writing
prompt now I won't read this to you but
this is uh a professional prompt that
has been engineered for copywriters to
create a lot of articles we've got
copywriters creating 500 articles a week
with this because it creates amazing
articles the power of professional
prompt engineering folks and if you want
this prompt now this one I've already
filled in all the placeholders for the
purpose of this but over here slight
tangent before we dive in here's another
free gift for you the new Ultimate
prompt toolkit I finally got it done
after four months of working on it it's
a couple hundred pages long and this has
all our professionally engineered
prompts available to you for free and it
includes our right this one here writing
epic articles using chat GPT that has
all the placeholders so that you can use
this if you're a copywriter and there's
a ton of other really cool prompts here
as well folks um I won't go into that
but the ultimate prompt toolkit is yours
there's a link in the bottom of this
document so you'll be able to get your
hands on that so let's go look at the
outputs interestingly uh the word count
Opus from CLA 3 came out much more words
764 and one of the problems that AI
models have had up to today is that they
won't write the length that you want so
weirdly this time uh Opus gave exactly
what we wanted 1,000 tokens 764 words
and it went bang on so hey finally we
might have a a model that can give you a
word count I haven't done enough testing
to know for sure but uh it's a good
positive start for plaude okay so what I
liked most
between these two in terms of the actual
article what I got it to write about was
the power of personalized AI it's a
topic dead in my heart right now folks
and I really like the title uh much
better from Opus or Claude personalized
AI your kid unlocking Limitless
potential and it went through and it it
sort of gave it all up so where did each
model shine well actually I have to say
entirely that Claude 3 uh just wiped the
floor with gp4 here folks and for me to
say that is the first time I've ever
said there's a model better than gp4
when it comes to writing so what I liked
about it was it was more nuanced it gave
a lot more sort of Rich detail it really
explain Concepts uh at a what I consider
a deeper level which previously was a
strength of gp4 and the gp4 article is
still good the problem with gp4 is the
way it writes we all know and love the
output from from GPT don't we or from
chat GPT it's very robotic it's got a
very um easy to spot writing style and
sure with prompt engineering you can
mitigate that somewhat but you can still
recognize that it's chat GPT if you're
not editing the output of course folks
you should edit all AI output before you
deploy it to the wild because these
models hallucinate make mistakes you
should be editing every piece of content
anyway you're not here for a lecture are
you that's for our prompt engineering
course tell you all about that so went
through you can have a read these but I
have to say really impressed with pla 3
nuanced details uh really tied it
together nicely but more importantly it
spoke to me as the reader and it really
stayed true to the topic and I really uh
enjoyed reading it so hands down CL
three beat gp4 here folks okay so that's
writing and we always known that gp4 is
a bit weaker in writing style so what
about research where gp4 was miles ahead
and again we gave it The Identical
prompt uh basically we gave it two
pieces of information um my high level
Market is business owners entrepreneurs
and high paid Executives that are too
busy and my offer is Fitness coaching
where I help them overcome their last
barrier of success their personal health
in a way that is easy to build into
their busy lives and so on you can read
these prompts and again that prompt
guide that I just told you about our
toolkit has all these for free as well
so you can use them in your own business
or just to play around and see which
model's better okay so we got Alex Priya
and Michael three personas we're GNA
focus on Alex oops that was a mistake oh
what have I done let's go back gosh we
pressed the wrong button but I'm not
re-editing this video so you'll just
have to get it whats and all or cuts and
all today anyway I D let's look at the
values and beliefs I really like how
chat GPT wrote this you know uh belief
in the power of discipline and hard work
gave really good crunchy useful
information and as a marketer myself I
can understand the value in this
information I thought it did a very good
job it wiped the floor with Gemini and
uh I think it's going to be pretty hard
to beat when it comes to
research so let's have a look at what uh
Claude had to say about that and my
goodness okay John Smith Claude come on
be a little more creative with your
names Emily Johnson Michael Lee the most
common names you could find but they're
just avatar names we won't penalize it
too hard for its naming you've seen the
way I name my products uh yeah I'm I'm
definitely not someone to judge but when
I had to look at the emotional drivers
the values beliefs the objections which
are the core crunchy stuff you need in
marketing to align your messaging
effectively wow much more nuanced right
bang on uh again Bo three excelled here
folks and I mean exceled it talked about
the emotions it talked about the drive
what really made them tick at what I
thought from a marketing perspective at
least was a deeper level but I also had
it do one other thing and here's the GPT
one I asked it to create an aligned
marketing message or a unique value
proposition for each of those personas
so a uvp is just basically how we
communicate our offer in an outcome
focused way to our market so they
understand what we do and more
importantly what's in it for them talked
about that yesterday's video okay and I
love this I'm going to read one out here
because it's so good transform your
health and the time it takes to listen
to your favorite podcast remember Alex
is into podcasts wow bang on absolutely
bangging marketing uh our bespoke Health
Solutions speaking to that higher sort
of level executive bespoke uh fit
seamlessly into your entrepreneurial
lifestyle empowering you to achieve big
performance with out compromise love it
I think that is powerful effective
messaging I tweak it a little just to
fix the language but very very good
unique value proposition so let's have a
look at John who's into golf reading
business books and travel and let's have
a look at what uh the marketing message
alignment was like because that
alignment is a critical skill in Ai and
I value it heavily right so this is an
important indicator gain an edge in your
competition and Achieve Peak Performance
by optimizing your health are already
I'm turning off so very interesting here
and when you look at all three uh gp4
much better at creating a unique value
proposition and aligning that to the
market and that requires a far more
complex sort of amount of programming or
abilities reasoning whatever you want to
say so I think gp4 still has an edge
there and for me that's pretty important
so I won't be giving up gp4 anytime soon
but if that's a sacrifice if that's the
only sacrifice I have to make that would
be one I'd happily make if I could only
choose one of the other because the
research was so good from Claude so this
one's a bit tougher Claude had better
research but gp4 had better alignment to
the market and the one that's going to
make you the most money is the alignment
to your market and the gp4 market
breakdown was still very very good now
imagine if we took claude's output and
got gp4 to create align messaging we're
probably going to get the absolute best
we can possibly get out of AI doing it
that way anyway last metric I don't want
to keep this video going too long
education and learning what I've done is
I've given it my my brick score very
simple and said teach me time management
in a way that an inpa would understand
if you want to go find out your own uh
personality score folks Here's the the
the link here 16personalities.com
entirely free you can get your mbgs
indicator and uh very very cool uh and
then you can can actually align AI
output to it obviously we go much deeper
with project you decoded but this is a
good introduction to that concept so
basically we're asking it how to
incorporate time management into busy
routines and explain it to a beginner in
a way that I can understand and again
this time C GPT gave much more output
566 words versus Opus only gave
391 but when I read them both now this
is where I can be entirely subjective
because I asked it to align it to my
writing style okay and we just talked
about the alignment from the marketing
perspective we thought gp4 did better
but in terms of explaining information
rather than marketing which is a
different skill set but a similar sort
of functionality I guess I really was
impressed with Claude but it also threw
up a couple of errors or a couple of
issues that I think deserve a bit more
sort of diving into before we declare it
a winner I really liked that it
understood how to link my personality
style to time management I think the
thing you can read these yourself but I
want to just pull out one thing that it
said really that that blew me
away uh where was it must be right at
the top
so it basically said yeah uh to where
was it yeah here it is a to-do list will
help you complete important items while
calendar alone may allow you to meander
without accomplishing priorities so it's
just saying use a basic to-do list that
resonates with me very strongly I
thought the information was very much uh
the sort of information that I would
want but here's where it went a bit bit
off the rails um so here's the exercises
to reinforce time management now I know
it's probably just needs a bit more I
would need a followup R please expand on
these to explain it would probably do a
good job but part of this test is to
give the first outputs and see how good
they were and its exercises to reinforce
time management lessons was a bit odd
practice prioritizing tasks by filling a
jar with rocks pibes and sand in the
optimal order now I know it's just
speaking about an analogy it hasn't sort
of broken it down and explain that that
it is an analogy so if I was to follow
this literally I'd be out there getting
a jar filling it with rocks Sands and
Pebbles and it wouldn't mean anything
and the same thing here you know spend
$86,400 as your seconds in a day but not
really
giving me anything tangible whereas I
felt gp4 was a bit more tangible though
I didn't think it understood me as well
what I mean by that is it did understand
me but it was trying to create lesson
plans and exercises and stuff like
that but it did you know understand a
lot of the stuff about me so this one I
think was Clos and I think I'd be happy
with either output if I'm completely
honest uh but I thought that the way C
wrote it was a lot bitter
and it really did resonate until I got
down to filling rocks with jars and
pibbles the last thing I did is I
hastily wrote a conclusion in here and
uh I probably left out a couple of the
points I've met uh made today but I just
asked each model to rewrite the
conclusion identical word counts pretty
much two words difference and Claude uh
wrote better again chat got a little bit
too uh here's the de
uh and that's totally cool we want to
find the best AI buddy that helps it
knock it out of the park now I'm not
sure why it's gone to that mode but it
did whereas we didn't get any of that
kind of try hard bro stuff from Bo
anyway that aside uh you can read the
conclusion for yourself folks uh and
then before I sort of wrap up here's
some additional resources for you we've
obviously got the uh the free uh
ultimate toolkit
prompt tool kit we've got a free custom
building guide custom GPT building guide
if you want to build custom gpts on chat
GPT free Pro you decoded going into your
uh wiring and DNA to hugely powerful
stuff to align AI to you and who you are
massive breakthroughs possible how to
make cool Studios like this and so on
and so on so you can have a look at that
folks the the link is below but I'm
really Keen to hear your thoughts have
you used Claude 3 uh where have you
found compared to what you using it did
well where did it dro the ball let's
sort of collaborate share our sort of
feedback and experience using this model
so that we can understand you know
exactly how to use each of these models
to the best of their capabilities so
that we can create real world impact
remember we're not here to create just
jokes and silly stuff um you know that
that shallow content we're here to
create real world impact use AI to give
us the biggest Edge we can over our
competitors especially moving into this
transformational era so for me at least
understanding which model is going to
maximize my Edge is very important so be
very keen to hear your thoughts what you
found you like or dislike about both of
these models let us know in the comments
and uh that's it for today so hope you
enjoyed that little comparison I'll see
you tomorrow in the next video peace